Yeah, paying that hair Dave Kline, get up on stage and do that right now for the homoship.
Oh shit, he's drunk. Yeah, from Hollywood, California, go down comics.
Let's hear for Dave Kline everybody.
Let's bring out Rob Schwab everybody.
Rob are you with us, Schwab Schwab?
It's gonna be a good show. The stage is fully vacuumed.
Let's bring out the mayor, Mr. Dan Hunter.
That's how you start a show. Start a show. All right.
Dan doesn't give it, tonight is losing a Spencer. I think he was gaining a maniac.
Spencer couldn't be here tonight.
Yeah, same page club.
And I had a free evening. Hello, Dan.
We have guests in the control room and you came out and there are professional people of their own merit who had to turn to me to ask,
am I supposed to go out with a bit? And I had to say to grown men and women, no, don't, no.
That's not anything to measure yourself by. No, that's not what our show is.
Yeah, you'd be ripping me off.
All right, don't start.
Did you see Dave Kline banging his head with the hair? Yes, well, that was amazing.
I did. And also people I think could probably say with more expertise than us that that was some awesome headbanging.
It seemed legit. We have guests tonight that could weigh in on that.
Yeah, I don't have a lot to talk about before we start meeting our new friends.
How was your week? I haven't seen you in a while, Dan. How was your week?
Did you have any fun anecdotes? If you thought Rob would be less disruptive sitting over at that table, he's only going to try harder over there.
I'm trying to keep the show going. Dan, do you have any anecdotes or anything?
Anecdotes? Do you have an anecdote? What happened?
The kids loved me. I saw that Zootopia. You see that Zootopia?
Yeah, people like that Zootopia, Dan. Have you seen that Zootopia? The whole city is animals.
It's crazy, like everyone, even all the dogs, they're animals. Everybody's an animal.
The dogs are animals too? The dogs are animals. The cops are rabbits. It's crazy.
You've got to check out the Zootopia. I'm telling you, Zootopia is really bringing in the bucks too.
China loves it. You should make a Zootopia.
Hi, Jeff. How are you doing, Rob? I'm doing okay.
What's wrong? You seem a little down on that response.
Oh, thanks for asking, Jeff. Only, Jeff.
Well, I shit in the box, finally.
You shit in the box? Yeah.
Did I miss an episode? Oh yeah, you weren't in that episode.
What box did you shit in? Oh, the one that's next to the toilet.
You became a Zootopia. You became a cat person. You pooped in a box now.
What do you mean you pooped in a box? Speaking of boxes, someone's handing you Dan Harmon a box.
I had to give a stool sample to... Oh, I did hear that.
Yeah, and then I had to FedEx it to Texas.
I was alarmed to find out that they want you to FedEx your poop.
It's better than driving it there.
What do you got there, a box? It's full of Rob shit.
Hey, you got FedEx at the Texas?
Someone in the front row handed Dan a very mysterious large black box.
So a lot of you ladies are thinking, do I need to look like that in order to be a Harmontown listener? No, you don't.
There's something wrong with her and not you.
First of all, she's an artificial construct.
I can't see it. Second of all, she's probably racist.
She's certainly the beneficiary of systemic racism.
I can't see what you're... What the fuck is in the box?
It's fucking liquor. It's liquor.
Well, turn it around so everyone can see it.
Tell them like an eight-year-old. Turn it around.
Did you hand this to me?
It should be your choice because...
You're wearing a very exciting outfit right now.
That's why I wanted them to know that it was his choice to come up.
I want curtains made out of everything you're wearing.
These are from Walmart.
For real? Well done.
They're the women's variety and I asked them to translate the size to a men's size.
She's told me and I'm like, well, do you think they'll have that size over there?
She said those pants aren't going anywhere.
So I bought the pants.
This stuff is clearly very sexist.
I have asked... Still haven't seen it.
I found out about this company. They're from Germany.
They produce high-end liquor that they then pour over the model depicted's body
and then put it into the bottle.
Yeah.
Wow.
You come a long way, baby.
I mean, we can do shots. We can wait till later.
These shots come pre-body-shotted.
I don't know if they do a whole vat or if they do it bottle for bottle.
Do you think they really do it? Is there an oversight committee to make sure that actually happens?
Every article I've ever read said this company claims and then says what they claim.
So there's no validity to the rumors that these women are in windowless rooms glued to the floor by their own shit?
She said... Each one of them says outright, yes.
It was a wonderful opportunity for me.
Yeah, that's what chickens say.
When you talk to them, oh, do you like being a McNucket? They're like...
As for the racial thing, every variety is done with a woman of a different ethnicity.
So I believe the rum was a black woman and then...
See, that's racist.
Well, I mean, it's our modern definition of racist because it acknowledges...
But at least it's inclusive. If there was all white women...
It is...
If you're old enough, you realize he's right.
In Don Draper's time, it'd be like, oh, the bourbon is a brunette.
Yeah, the G actually stands for gentlemen.
So this is like a gentleman...
G spirits, it stands for gentlemen.
So it's like a gentleman's club in a bottle.
And then they put the picture of the girl on the bottle so that no matter how drunk you get,
you never have to forget what an asshole you were for buying that vodka.
So Dan, I'm assuming you have vodka that was poured off a redhead?
Am I guessing correctly there?
And that would be like a Negroni?
She's clearly Icelandic or...
I know you don't represent the company, but I'd like to pitch an alternate name for their product.
The opposite of Purell?
Just the opposite of it.
Just a bottle of stuff that comes with three germs.
Alright, well thank you, what's your name?
Absolutely, Dan Myron Handleman. I've always wanted to meet you guys.
So you're an assassin?
No, no, my dad was a comedian from the 60s named Stanley Myron Handleman.
Well, John Wilkes Booth was an actor.
But three names means you're going to shoot somebody.
I am no actor, sir. I am no actor, I can promise you.
Well, John Myron Handleman?
Dan Myron Handleman.
You guys are awesome.
Let's hear it for Dan Myron Handleman, everybody.
I assume...
We already have done too much show. It's already been too much entertainment.
I'm grateful because I was saying in the green room, I'm writing a little bit of a line.
I've been working all day, I stayed up all night.
So hard. You've got to slow down, man.
You're going to fucking trigger me.
We're going to bring out our vacuum cleaner.
I wanted to address...
You were saying you were writing a line today?
It's one of those nights where I'm like, I stayed up all night because I tried to work on my book
and I found out last week because of the episode I got the forwarded emails that the publishers are listening.
Uh-oh.
So when I'm joking about not working on the book, it's like, yeah, sounds like you at least know the book is due.
For real?
So I'm just like, okay, if you're listening at double day, I stayed up all night.
And if the show sucks, it's on you.
I'm sure the book will be great.
But, uh...
You need one of them ghost writers. You need to get a ghost writer to take care of it, Dan.
I hear that's what they do.
Ghosts can't write.
Yeah. No, no, no. I heard it. I heard it in a book.
Uh, the, uh...
I peaked with the vacuum cleaner.
Uh, I...
He's gonna...
Because Rob, I don't know if you're aware of this, where Spencer sits, where you're sitting right now,
Dan never faces that way. His back will be too the entire night.
I know.
And Dan, Rob is going to be throwing darts at you the entire time.
Whatever. It doesn't... It's just...
Cool it, guys.
What I'm trying to tell you is that I've been...
I stayed up all night. I've been working all day.
I shot Great Minds Today with Paul F. Tomkins, who's wonderful.
And, uh...
I...
Around four o'clock, I start drinking on that set, because I'm like, like...
So I'm a little... I'm just writing the line.
This isn't gonna be like the Chicago show, but, like, I'm on the bubble.
So we're at the mercy of our guests being...
Like, you might descend into some sort of haze or madness?
No, I just might... I'm not... I'm not as facile.
I'm not, like, uh...
Like, it's good that that guy was a... He was a good guy.
He took the mic. He could have, like, started stabbing people.
But it's like, we're cool.
I'm just saying, like, this is one of those nights when Uncle Dan maybe needs a little...
He's gonna lean on you a little bit.
And lean on tonight's guest.
So I only wanted to say, you may notice me talking a little slower.
It's sounding a little bit more like a game show host,
because I'm overcompensating for my brain's desire to slur
and go, like, what is there about the Packers?
I just wanted to say a couple of things before we bring out our friends.
Uh...
I have to say, this is...
One thing that amazes me about you, among your many skills and talents...
I know what you're gonna say.
This is what amazes people about Denzel Washington's character in the movie Flight.
And it shouldn't amaze you. It should concern you.
You never slur.
I called highly functional alcoholism. It's not funny.
I didn't say it was funny. I thought it was amazing.
It's not a superpower. It's a kryptonite.
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha.
Yeah.
So...
Last week, I told you about the Avengers Academy game.
Most of you tweeted me,
this information is readily available to anyone under 30 who just Googled it.
The kid that I was talking about, who I was like, kid, come on, take it easy.
That was Dave Franco, who plays Tony Stark in that Avengers video game.
And Black Widow, who I...
That was my friend, Allison Brie.
Oh, yeah?
That's Avengers Academy game. It's star studded.
Run. Don't walk to the App Store.
You can enjoy it on a whole new level.
Dave Franco?
Dave Franco.
Yeah, come on.
Did he, like, did he contact you upset?
No!
You came down pretty hard on Tony Stark.
You came down pretty hard.
No, no. People just tweeted me.
It was actually in the Rick and Morty writers room,
because I was talking about this game, and I was saying the same spiel,
and then somebody said, that's Dave Franco.
And I was like, oops.
Because I don't want no beef with no Franco gang.
These guys are like, they're the new bald ones.
Yeah, they're the new bald ones.
You know what? You don't want to mess with that.
And as you all know...
There's another Franco in the chamber we haven't met yet.
The bald ones got so strong that they sprouted Adam,
who is not even a real bald one.
He's just like a rapey creep who went off and...
Is that the guy? Isn't that the Gamergate guy?
He's not even a real bald one, right?
Who cares?
You guys are like...
Dan, I'm sorry.
What are these mystery bottles of alcohol here?
What is this?
That's for our next guest.
Oh, okay.
Let's bring her out.
Well, I have to get back to my...
Vamp for a while while I pour myself a drink so I can...
Hey, why don't you give me one, too?
Why don't you give me one, too, while you're up there?
Jeffery, could you please give me one?
I'd like one, too.
I got a whole table.
And I got a whole table here.
The other thing I wanted to say was that our friend...
Some of you in LA, we go to the drawing room afterward.
Some of you may have encountered our friend Mario,
the bartender there, who I've quoted in the past.
I've quoted him like one of his funny jokes.
I think he was passing on to me because we were talking about race and things.
And he said, you know, the only thing you could call a white person
that'll really offend them is racist.
He told it better.
He passed away a couple of nights ago,
and he had already survived a total cardiac arrest
and was hanging in there and stuff, and now he's gone.
And I don't know, why do I bring it up to make the podcast sad?
I don't know.
For anybody that's ever met him, some of you must have gone to the drawing room after our show.
He's the large Cuban fellow.
To know him was to at least like him, and to know him a little bit better
was to absolutely love him.
He left his giant hole in a lot of people's lives.
I didn't realize how much that was going to affect me.
I found out about it, and I was really sad.
And the next day, I said, I've known him more than half my life,
and he's always been a source of happiness and grievance.
If you care to donate a dollar or 50 cents or a nickel or whatever,
just so that he can have a nice funeral because he went through a lot of medical expenses.
If you go to my Facebook page, there's a little GoFundMe if you want to drop a nickel.
Have you ever met him?
He bought me so many free drinks that I really owe him in many folds.
My favorite memory of him besides that joke was just the bathroom,
the men's room at the drawing room is unlike anything you've ever...
It's like an episode of Locked Up Abroad.
And I remember coming in one day, and he was so...
He had this boyish smile on his face, and he's like, go in the bathroom.
And I went in the bathroom, and it was like,
oh, there was like a plate of stainless steel mounted above the sink.
And I came out, and he's like, it's a mirror no one can break.
He had gotten out a time life book, and he cared about...
He was like, what are the lost boys? He's like, I'm going to make Wendy proud.
That bathroom was... Everyone goes in there to prove God doesn't exist.
I don't know how it happened when it was decided.
God is dead in that bathroom, and Mario cared enough.
There's a species of insect that I think only lives in that bathroom.
Dino's theory is that when you go to the drawing room, men's room,
and you're peeing at the urinal, there's this mysterious, not quite gnats,
but not quite fly bug that seems designed to just get in your face
while you're trying to pee, inadvertently causing your pee to go everywhere,
which seems to be what they live on.
So Dino thought he had figured this biosphere out,
that this is like a species of insect that only lives in the drawing room bathroom.
And that might be the reason why...
He kicked Vince Vaughn out of there one time.
Vince Vaughn was being a complete ass, and Mario kicking Vince Vaughn out of there
with just such subtlety, it was so nice.
If he really hated you, he would just go, bro, you got to go, man, time to go.
And then if someone was like, fuck you, he would just reach behind the refrigerator,
and there was a seven-iron golf club there, and he would just slowly come around the bar,
and the whole bar would clear out. It was great.
Well, like, anyone who wasn't, you know, 97 yards away...
I don't know what to say.
I thought I was going to, like, riff a golf joke.
Oh, no.
You can only hit a seven-iron 97-yard?
I don't know, man. I cat-ed when I was like, fuck you.
What did Vince Vaughn do?
He left.
No, you mean, why did he get kicked out?
Yeah, he was in a shit.
I wanted to riff a bad Vince Vaughn movie.
He got kicked out for Clay Pigeons.
Yeah, whatever.
All right.
Okay, our next guest is touring across children's colleges and clubs.
Whatever.
She's a new friend of mine as of her podcast girl, Agai, which I was on.
She's an old friend of Jeff's because she hosted...
She's currently hosting.
The ABC Who's Line.
CW.
Oh, it's CW now.
Yeah.
C, my confusion is warrants.
Yeah, season four.
All right.
Well, let's get to the bottom of Ayesha Tyler, everybody.
We're going to get to the bottom of you.
Very exciting.
Would you like...
Would you like vodka dripped lovingly over a Caucasian avatar?
I had a nickel for every time I drank vodka that had previously run over a Caucasian pussy.
I swear to God, I'd have millions of dollars.
They should just call this unknown epithelial's vodka because that's...
Look at her.
She's sensationally fucking intellectual.
I wonder where she went to college.
Ayesha, if they poured...
Meet a white guy, you.
If they bottled a drink or a cocktail or some sort of concoction off of your body, what would you...
Black Thunder!
Actually, I brought my own alcohol with me.
You asked, like, where are these mystery bottles?
It was like moonshine.
It isn't moonshine.
Actually, this is coincidental.
I really just brought it because I know you guys are alcoholics, but I brought my own...
My own line of cocktails coming out late in the year, and it's pre-made cocktails.
I know you guys are, like, men who don't know how to run like a washing machine or start your car.
Very true.
And so you're just drinking straight vodka and a glass because what do I do?
Yeah.
So I brought you...
I have a line of cocktails coming out Cocherge and Stone.
This is an old-fashioned.
In a bottle, all you do is pour it into a glass and it's a drink.
No way!
I'm gonna save so much time.
And this is a gin old-fashioned, and also just pour it out.
And so...
A gin old-fashioned?
A gin old-fashioned.
A gin old-fashioned is just spirits, bitters, and something sweet.
I don't want to be high maintenance, but could I get this trickled off of Eva Mendes?
I will.
I'm a bit of a stickler.
Eva actually is doing my Manhattan, but...
Racist.
But just so you know, I masturbated and then stirred my fingers in this before I put it in the bottle.
Okay.
It's sold.
It's delicious.
Infused with the juices of my personal joy, ladies and gentlemen.
Every sip is like sex with a black woman, confusing and delightful.
You don't know if you got it right, but it's okay, cause you leave.
I'll get it right by my damn self.
Alright, sorry.
And you always know whether whoever you're watching should go into that house.
Yes, exactly.
I don't know.
I'm talking about what's wrong with you.
That just, the end of it.
Oh, it's okay, baby.
It was fine.
You're just, you're adorable.
You got good credit, baby.
Just leave some money.
Nobody cares if you was good or you was bad.
Why is having sex with me like having sex with the mom from what's happening?
Do you become that person?
No, yeah.
Oh, spenders say, oh, baby, slap that ass.
I'm making some cornpone.
Why am I a racist?
Your show makes people racist, Dan.
I don't care.
You knew that already.
I don't care if the woman is white, black or whatever.
I would like just once in my life to be having sex with a woman of any ethnicity.
And she, me too.
And she, oh, I thought, I thought he was finished.
I thought he was finished.
A woman of any ethnicity period.
Or on her period.
What's it like?
What's it like having sex?
What a vagina is like.
Awesome.
Why is having them, having them, being in them.
Both awesome.
Are you, do you think being, having sex with a black woman is complicated?
Do you think it is complicated sex?
It's just, it's just, it's the same pussy.
I mean, that's the thing that people have this idea that like I'm going to have sex
or something exotic and then magically unicorns are going to come out of my ass or my credit
score is going to go up or down depending.
Or all of a sudden I'm going to understand my iPhone because I had sex with somebody
from the Asian subcontinent.
No.
So, vagina is vagina and dick is dick.
And sorry about that.
Talk to God if you believe in him or science like me.
Since we're talking about sex and since race came up and I don't see the world through
this lens, I had no idea you were black until we had this conversation.
Right.
It's exciting, isn't it, Dan?
You have a black friend now.
Enjoy.
One that you didn't cast on your show.
Hi.
I like you for you, Dan.
Have you, tell me, you tell me to step back and step forward whenever.
I'm listening.
This is the same place.
It's the same place.
Hey, like the, I already know this is going to go terribly wrong, you guys.
It's just all of you ready.
Everybody, avert your eyes in three, two.
What does your hair feel like?
No, no.
I wanted to yes and the, I didn't want to let you down.
I had this thesis recently and I was like, you know how porn is like, oh my God.
It's too late, guys.
It's too late.
Christ.
It's like, when you have this porn world.
Pull out, Goose, pull out.
Where everything gets.
Dan, Rob is now match gaming you over here.
All right, fine.
You love this, Rob.
No, I don't.
I don't love it.
All right.
By the way, the worst vacuum job I've ever seen.
There's glitter and human remains of finger.
All right.
Ask the question.
I'm curious.
Well, I want to talk about porn tropes.
I love this stuff.
Well, I wanted to talk about race in porn because at first glance, here's the thing about porn
in general that I've been, this is my new thing.
Post divorce.
Yes.
Because I'm just like, okay, an apologetic.
Pre divorce.
You're watching it.
Just post divorce.
You can talk about it.
Yeah.
Pretty much.
You know, out of respect to, yeah.
To the dead.
But it was, you know, I've sort of become not obsessed, but just sort of fascinated with
this thing that like, you know, the porn industry represents all of this money.
We have this like bed of lava underneath us that is all this sexuality.
Yes.
Like if you compare, you could name anything, video games, Matt Damon, anything that you
thought was worth money.
Right.
Nothing would compare to the general just swath of the fact that forever, ever since
we've been able to make porn, we've always had this like sea of porn underneath our
society.
But then everything that's above that sea, right, if like that's under like a little
kind of a hardened cooled crust of magma, above that, everything is still suffused with
that energy, right?
Like almost everything we find valuable, whether it is pornographic or not pornographic is
all shot through with pornographic value, right?
Matt Damon.
Everyone wants to fuck Matt Damon.
Ladies want to fuck him.
Gay guys want to fuck him.
Straight guys want to fuck him.
And hopefully they turn into him after they fuck him.
Everybody wants to, you know what I mean?
Everything in culture is suffused with sex.
Absolutely.
Yes.
Because it's like, you can't escape the core of the earth is like affecting everything.
If you shut that off, we'd know.
If you shut porn off, we'd know the, the more to say porn is an expression of the core of
each of us.
That's all collectively we regarded as the sewer.
So we treat the performers in it like shit.
The industry is not regulated.
It doesn't, even though it represents the, the, the billion, a million, all of the dollars.
No one knows where to put the camera.
It's always like, a lot of eye line problems, a lot of eye line problems.
If they're lining up, they're like, I'm going to line up this shot.
But I'm worried that when we push in on her vulva, we're jumping the line.
Are we jumping the line?
We were looking right to left and now we're left to right.
Is this going to work for the double penetration?
I think we need to move.
When you are doing her from behind, look camera left.
Otherwise, the whole thing is wrecked, guys.
Guys, we, we got continuity problems.
This guy's balls are all over the place.
Yeah.
Come on.
One shot.
They're up.
They're down.
Guys, it makes no linear sense.
Is absolutely unmistakable that there is no grace or diplomacy in the handling of the
concept of ethnic phenotyping in pornography.
Your intellectualism is dazzling.
But this is an industry where you type in redhead, babysitter, scuba diver.
You type in really specific shit.
And so just as in normal casting of network television, where as I've encountered where
it's like, you have to steer around the fact that, well, we, we categorize people and all
the stuff.
So you better believe we do in porn.
So you're, so you are typing who knows who you are.
People are typing and therefore porn is being made where it's like, you don't want the stuff
representing your species consciousness of race on one hand.
But on the other hand, I was trying to make the point on a previous episode where it's
like, how much more racist is like, is porn is porn than politics, religion, whatever
the fuck you call the fact that the disproportionate incarceration, like it's like actual racism
versus just like this dopey like river of like two black dudes, one white chick.
And then it's like the guys come in and go, did someone order a black guy?
And the woman's like, no way.
And she's like, well, they're so big and he's like, that's because they're black.
And she's like, I learned a lesson.
And you're watching and you're going, I don't want, I don't want anyone to think that this
is how I think about race.
But at the same time, I don't want anybody to think that this is how I think about race.
And in a minute, I'll feel super guilty about it.
Because sexuality transcends politeness, diplomacy, all these things.
Well, maybe the, maybe the word isn't transcend, maybe the word is subsumes or subverts, right?
Because you're at your basest when you're consuming porn and porn and it's creation
is it is the, is the, a very base expression, sorry, vivid, you're not making art.
And so, you know, people are looking for satisfaction of their basest instincts of their basis inclinations.
And they're also looking for those things to be satisfied in a very narrow window.
No one's masturbating all afternoon unless they want like bed sores and a, you know,
at the end of a relationship.
And stereotypes will not be conquered during porn.
No, no, no, no.
No one, no one is really trying to learn anything.
Anything you walk in the door with will only be magnified, probably won't be conquered.
Except in the sense maybe that you're like, well, I'm being a little bit of a hypocrite
if I am, for instance, like being an actively racist person in the outside world.
But I don't know.
I see both sides of the issue.
What is the question though?
Because you're just trying to get permission to look at more two black dudes, one white
chick porn.
Is that why you're here?
Oh no, I have permission.
Well, if you did before you do now, some of you guys are black.
No, no.
I was just very curious about, because I talked to our friend DeMorge, who like he had a very
interesting counterpoint, which was like, but I can't tell, I mean, obviously there's
no binary answer to this.
But as far as I could, I could like parse his very, very like almost densely like a different
perspective point.
Like yeah, but in all those moments when race is allowed to just be a thing like a Ben and
Jerry's flavor, in those moments, the problem's being reinforced and blah, blah, blah.
Like, well, that's, yes, if I'm getting him right about that, then okay, yes, but that's
why I say, okay, yeah, porn is not the place where racism is going to be solved.
However, ironically, I think it is less racist in porn than it is in the Oval Office, than
it is in church, than it is anywhere you would go where people would say, we're, we're, we're,
we're, because it's like just dopey people going, yeah, but at the end of the day, I
come three times, I get paid $300.
Right, right.
Like, like, they can't have $300.
You're talking about how you perceive, you, would you, $300?
Rob, don't get distracted by the bookkeeping here.
I'm done.
But are you talking about, before we move on to headier topics, are you, are you saying
that you feel like porn is more racist in its, in its construct and casting, or porn
is more racist in the way that we perceive it?
Because I would actually argue, and it's just came to me now, that porn may be both most
racist and least racist in the way that we consume it, because we may treat people in
one way, in the real world, the way we interact with them, we hire them, we don't hire them,
we associate with the people that we want to associate with.
But I bet you, there are a lot of white guys out there, and all their friends are white,
and they've never had sex with a black girl, but that's the only porn they watch, is a
white guy railing the shit out of a black girl with his micro penis.
And it might, and it might even be part and parcel, it might even feed back into his hatred.
Right, it might feed back into it, or it might just, it may be, it's interesting, like maybe,
maybe he subscribes to the idea that all black men are, you know, virile, large penises.
But, and I guess that's the line, it's like, like, I absolutely 100% agree with that.
The penises are huge, like, baby's arms, every single one, prehensile baby's arms.
Every black man can pick up a cup of coffee with his penis, bring it to his mouth.
Actually, they're actually exactly like baby's arms, they have elbows, they have, they have,
they have, they have, but they only bend one way, which is why most of them can't be quarterbacks.
They'll all end up in the manager's office eventually.
Google it, yes, I think, I think, I think same page, I think the, I think the interesting
thing is it's like where you draw, I, I guess I was just doing an academic distinction where
it's like, you know, for all intents and purposes, it's like the things you're seeing on screen,
those, like, it's, when you're on the set, I find it hard to imagine the, when the stuff
I'm watching, I'm like, I don't think that, I don't think that anyone is being made to
feel less than human on that set.
Well, aside from the fact that they're important, except for the fact that there's a stranger's
hand inside their anus.
Other than that, they feel totally human and validated.
I am validating you now.
Do you feel validated?
Your anus is immaculate.
But then when you have a conversation about media as a phantom signal, that's not an industry
and not a community of people, then of course, 100% agree.
Of course you, it will only feed back if you're, if you're jerking off to the idea of gang
bang this, and it's not going to make you not a misogynist.
There's a million of things that porn reinforces that make you hate all of humanity, not based
on color, just based on, you know, that we're all like these terrible, you know, creatures
in pants.
You know what I mean?
Yeah, porn will make you hate yourself.
It doesn't matter what color you are.
This episode is brought to you by Pornhub, which I actually love what they're doing.
And our good friends over, they're really, they're really like doing a lot of great
stuff over there.
They're, they're, I'm not kidding, they're, they're really breaking, they're really breaking
ground.
Here's something that they're doing that I actually, yeah, the comments section is
really great.
They're releasing press releases on St. Patrick's Day.
That's nice.
They'll go, here's how many people searched for leprechaun porn.
It's subtly, it does what the Kinsey, you know, research did.
Yeah, the Kinsey study, yeah, with the spectrum.
Yeah, the Kinsey study.
It just is a subtle reminder.
It just goes, hey, everybody's a freak.
Yeah, that's it.
That's how weird you are.
On April Fool's Day, they changed their, their front page to Cornhub, and it was all, it
was all just cobs of corn.
Classic.
And the, and the captions were like, hot buttered cob getting it from both sides from a napkin.
And there was a guy who was like, finally, yeah, there was one guy who was like, oh,
fuck it's April Fool's, no.
But it was, you know, to approach it.
Classic Pornhub.
I would say, I would say, I don't want to open this kettle and then close it, but I would
say.
It's been open for hours, damn.
Pornhub shares with Christianity, the, or any religion, let him talk, let him talk.
Let him talk.
The fact that it could use more smart, proud people involved in it.
Okay.
All right.
Let's bring out some more difference.
Just leave that there.
It gets a bad rap because everyone's like, I don't know, I don't, I'm not involved with
that.
It's just a lot of alcoholism.
Yes.
Before we, before.
So how long we've been working in porn?
Oh, it's so long.
I'm, I'm, I'm too.
Like you're on a 900 shows, you write books, you do everything.
Like you're, you're all over the.
I, the thing about it is I think when people say like, I'm busy or I'm a workaholic people,
like it's funny to people.
Or even if you make the joke about being a high functioning alcoholic, people think
it's really cute.
And then you're like, no, I have a real problem.
I need help.
Like, like I do.
I it's clear to me that I could use like several meetings about my work. I've just started approach that therapy where I'm like
I left the drinking thing behind I finally have enough
Tell me how that went for you. I
Have enough faith in a therapist because she's like look if you want to drink for the rest of your life go ahead
You can I come to her, please? Yeah, I'll give you a number. She sees everybody half the people in this room
But
She was like but you have yet to acknowledge your workaholism
And that was like a real threshold for me because I would always go like she would go like you're she wouldn't say you're a
Workaholic that's conversations not going to go anywhere. She's like you
How is she would say this stuff and I would go like are you implying?
I'm a workaholic because I'm not because I'm not getting enough done right yeah
Yeah, no because I think about a workaholic is in it like in your construct you you not not only are you never busy enough
You're never effective enough. That's like a little like the aeroboros little like you're only as valuable as what you did
Oh, there's always gonna be more work. There's always gonna be more. Shut up mom. Here's the thing
We're all going to die right
We're all going to die
And
That affects people differently right some people think we're all gonna die. So what's the point?
We're all gonna die. So let me get wasted my particular approaches. We're all gonna die
So I I I should be doing more shit like I'm not doing enough shit like when I'm lying on my deathbed
I'll be like why didn't I do all the shit? Yeah, we did half the shit. Yeah, you know
I think that's a really simple
Response I might I'm gonna die and one of the perfect sense right? Yeah, one of my shit grow your hair really long and bang it around
Fucking you're on fire you and that was you stole my outfit
Just real real quick one of the women in either hair or makeup at whose line
Yeah, you I just walked out of the room and I was like, we're just talking about stuff and podcasts
Oh, yeah, I'd love to get each on and they're like, don't you dare ask her to do another thing?
I also have like shitty boundaries, too. I'll like show I mean I just I want to do
She does enough stuff like like leave like give her some the most frightening thing to me
And I am I don't know if this is this way for either of you is like looking at my calendar and having like a free day
Like most people well frightening, but also to me. It's like running your tongue over a place where a tooth supposed to be
Yes, it's like fucking orgasm, but also like I'm dying, right? Yeah. Yeah
Saturday and nothing and then you just like
Like I'll just run around until it's like raw and bleeding the coolest
I mean I knew I knew I was your like like like like I don't know
We do look alike
I could have fraternal twin when I saw like what you talked about your thing about
When you saw Rocky or that your whole thing about boxing when oh, yeah, it's like it
Doesn't matter how many times you get hit. It's it's not how hard you hit
It's so hard you can get hit and keep moving forward, which is a code from Rocky Balboa
It has nothing to do with how much of a badass you are like I'm the biggest
I'm the baddest on my dick is so huge although my dick is enormous. It's
It's just like your tin like you're how tonight how tenacious you are because the fact of the matter is you're gonna fail no matter
What there is no avoiding failure, right?
It is literally laying in the road waiting for you to pull up in front of it like an episode of The Walking Dead where you
Pull up and there's a car in the middle of the road motherfucker you about to get shot
It's more about like can't like how many times can I recover?
Yeah, I mean and everybody who's successful isn't successful because they're magic
They're successful because they just they're like a junkyard dog. Well, it's almost as if you
Like will never be a good person until you've empirically proven it by subjecting yourself to acid test after that is true
Yeah, there is something there is some like self satisfaction in the like I'm the toughest person out here
You cannot break me and even if you say okay, you have the job then I'll get fired
Right, right, right like this is all gonna end at any minute. So I've got so many jobs that even if I got fired from nine of them
There's a tenth one at like, you know serving that frozen shit at juice press juicery like I'm gonna have one job left
Which brings me to why I'm here
No, I just I like literally I have a week off this year
I've one week off for all of 2016 and I decided I was gonna direct a movie in that hole
In that in that ten-day hole. I'm serious. I was I was like fuck it like why wait until next year the year after to make
Myself my life a living hell so I have a Kickstarter campaign because as you know people love giving money to black people and they love even more given
money to women so
Everyone's like you're a Hollywood lady. You you know just go get your Hollywood friends to give you money
I don't know when's the last time you saw a black female film director
Meep meep meep mop
Wait, oh, that was radar sweeping
Or a really shitty cricket impression. That's the black people think cricket
That's how that's how that's how dejected they are these people don't have crickets
Will you please go to Aisha's Indie go-go page
Give black people a chance
To hear crickets
I'm so poor for $45 a month you can send I eat you to a farm
Crickets live we should get understand how crickets actually sound I grew up in city. I'm there. I'm well
I'm I'm I just I want our other guests to know that we haven't forgotten about no
No, we haven't forgotten about that anyway, that was all I wanted to say was
We should get to let's get specific and then bring them out about your because this is your your arm in town
Did you kick start the movie harm to him? No, I would never be caught dead kick-starting. No, I
What I did do is you know what white privilege smells like snickerdoodles we
We kick started an Amalisa the
Warm cookies
That's brute by Faber J. No you groups you you we can't start we kick started an Amalisa
We raised 400 grand overnight because that's what we asked for and then we raised that and then some and then proceeded to find out
The movie cost eight nine million dollars right right and we couldn't tell any of them
We basically have a long story short like I felt like we fucked up like a kick-starting
So I haven't gone back since like I want like I think that that's a really sacred thing like it's a bond you're making
Well, you're like a bond of kind of honor and and you know
You're making a promise to people that you're gonna do but I also think that it's not free money
It's a weird way you're taking more energy than you would
And you're putting into updates and stuff because you're you owe you owe people a relationship to the project
You owe people a connection to what you're doing. That's ongoing and people I think well
I'm just giving you money. We'll know like if you donate
Let's say you donate 30 bucks and you get a t-shirt the t-shirt probably costs like 15 or 16 bucks to make and like seven or
Eight bucks to send to you. So really this is just about us hanging out. You know, I mean
It's just about us getting enough money to make this little thing. I donated
$2,000 and I was supposed to hang out with Dan
We just bring it and I still hasn't I still haven't gotten it
Are you sure I haven't gotten a t-shirt or a copy? Are you sure? What's the $2,000?
What's the name of my hard-earned money? What's the name money that I let me finish?
My money my money that that's so hard to come by lately. Aisha. It's so
and Dan
Dan
What's the name of the film what's the name of the Kickstarter so people can locate? Oh, absolutely
The movie is called axis and you can just go to Kickstarter and put in and type in black lady
I'm the only one on Kickstarter. By the way, I don't know where what black Kickstarter is access
Isha Tyler, yeah, you can find it just my socials, you know, Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, Tumblr
Isha Tyler and you think you could you're so much of a workaholic. You think you can direct a movie in one week
Yeah, I do I do out of your minds. How about how long is the film? It's gonna be 90 minutes
But here's what's cool about it. So here's what's the cool thing about it. Thank you guy who loves film
Um, I love film too. I don't want someone to make it in a week. No, here's here's what's cool about this concept
Come on. Let me tell you some things about goodwill hunting. You you think they spent months on that piece of shit?
How do you like them apples
I don't know if you guys saw the movie lock, but they shot that movie in five days
So the way that we're doing this movie so that we kind of uh, you know, a lot of my friends are doing it for free
Most people are doing it for a free or very cheap
We're rehearsing it for the next two months and then shooting the entire movie every day
Like a play all the way through from beginning to end
That way we can adjust and pivot every night what worked what didn't go back and fix that the next day
And by the end we'll have shot the movie
Nine times in a row and then we'll choose the best takes
Well, all bets are off now because did you see louis thing? Thank you. Thank you
I'm a problem solver
I should have known there would be applause there. I started talking
But did you see louis ck's thing or it was at hoarse and pete what's it called?
Uh, I mean a very experimental on the surface of it where you're like, I I should full disclosure. I have not seen it
I'm I'm quoting my girl describing it, but he hasn't actually watched it
She watched it and she's like it's like he's shot in a black box theater or something
I thought she got hopelessly addicted to it. It turned from comedy to drama
I mean louis ck is out there like doing whatever the fuck enters his head
Taking full advantage of the new nothing where he kind of did it on his own
So he could do whatever he wanted because he didn't have a studio going. I just don't
I don't understand
Why he has feelings
Could he be good at his job? He's not likable. People like dogs. Yeah, exactly
I don't want him to be human
I want him to look like something that I might want to eat off a plate with syrup
So if we could just could we have two black guys come in and just like fuck them with this big black dicks
But then not stay no conversation
Because they're fun because they're fun. They like their job is kevin heart available
All right, so let's I I would like you to stay but you can leave any time
I'm gonna sit here because you need a black friend. Let's do this. Let's bring out
We have new friends who are friends of yours
I'm very excited about this because uh two friends of ours and the music I've been playing tonight is by uh, one of our guests
I'm maybe both. I think it's jordy jordy white and frets of blonde rock rock and roll musicians
Uh, who are new members of the feral audio community and I love their podcast. It's called hour of goon
It's really really really fun. And I I'm very happy to uh to be pals with these guys. Let's let's bring out jordy white and frets of blonde
Hey
Is there something your mic fell there's something alive in there. You want me to get the vacuum? Um, that's his turd
Should I get the vacuum that he put in the box poopoo his poop. Yeah, no, we can get to that
It's it's it's from me going this way. It's jordy first and fred second, right?
Correct. Yes. Yep. Good headbanging
Right that guy was on that was intense. I think you could take their word for it
Yeah, I was good. I did that because you guys have did you mention that I was in a blackout
Uh, well, I mean, I mean these you guys have been in bands for for quite a long time. Yeah
Marilyn Manson fame you guys are in goon moon your new band together, right? Yeah, yeah, and which I love but it's very it's very groovy
It's very like whimsical and spooky and whimsical it is. It's got it's got whimsy. It's weird
So your podcast is you guys sitting in front of microphones. Yeah, there's no live audience talking about nothing. Yeah, which and you talk about
nerdy stuff
I went over to if I like to if you when you listen to hour of goon and you must and uh
A good one to start on is uh, you know not me. I guess what I talked too much. I talked too much
Uh, your friend Jeff Hillier. Do I mind? Is he here tonight? He's here tonight stand up Jeff's where you please have a jumpsuit
Just come show us
Should we come up?
Let's get a look at you first up. Jeff Hillier
This is Jeff Hillier the jump suit man
He's committed to living in a van wearing jumpsuits at all times
And you're a great and Beetlejuice by the way
You just made that house look amazing. Also if you want to freak out go find the video. Is it called the good life?
Yes, uh
This is a custom jumpsuit. You know, it's custom. He has these jumpsuit the belt matches the lapels matches the cuffs
Matches the drapes matches the carpet
It is quite. Yeah, yeah
Very nice, I kind of want one form fitting
I kind of want one of these
Do you come to the right guy? Here you get them. Do you have an etsy? All right, Jeff. Thank you for coming
Thank you for coming
When you go and fall in love with our of goon that that episode get ready to fall in love with all three of these people
It's really good. But so you go to geordi's crib and it is I'm not exaggerating when I say it is star wars memorabilia
Uh from florida ceiling geordi is a fan of star wars. What a surprise. Yeah, that's ironic
Oh, because geordi from star trek, right?
That I was the only one that made that connection in this room. I didn't even know where you're talking
I heard that like when that came out. I was like, oh great. No, that's gotta get one of them comb things
Before that it was geordash jeans, you know, then it became all of geordi from star trek. Yeah
That's nice, but you sit there and you just like these guys. What's your favorite star wars?
Fana menace, I mean come on. Oh
Take it take it. I got you you're way in on star wars. This guy knows the star wars. I'm kidding. It's not my favorite
But I do like that. I haven't seen I don't understand what that question means like what's your favorite star wars film universe
But like what movie is it a person like fanfic? There's a couple of wars. Which are favorite one in the stars
Empire battle of the network stars
Empire followed by force awakens, obviously, yes, I haven't seen force awakens. Yeah, and I
Yeah, I'm here for you. Here we go. Here we go empire followed by force awakens. I completely right seriously, right?
The other ones are just like a bunch of I like star wars. I like the first one. I don't think empire's better than star
Proctor this conversation. What?
What?
I actually just bought um
Two snow troopers out there. They said I know I took a snow trooper before I got you got more gear out front
So being a guest on this show. It's great getting stuff. I love that
Watch all of it. Are you is that your thing Dan? Not anymore. No, I haven't I haven't watched the new force
I cried twice during the trailer and like eight times during the movie and I'm not even fucking around
I cried I cried during the 20th century fox logo
At phantom menace and my tears were punished
Yeah, and shoved back into my tear ducts and I was burnt and then you had notes and then you had notes on your tears
Yeah, and I was like, well, I can't I think Dan and I went to see phantom menace on a rainy
Saturday afternoon at the vista theater when we the word was coming down the
The grapevine that it was not a good movie and uh, and I called him up and I said
Let's get it over with and it was like dead man walking
We were walking we were standing in the rain and we we watched it and you know, I was like like Dan
You know tearing up during like 20th century fox and a long long time ago and then the crawl started
And it was like I'm like going oh my god. I made it again. It's a difficult time for the rebellion. I'm like, oh my god
Here we go. Here we go. The embargo of the two tweets is the doing a thing with the the sanctions or the myanomar
The crawl kept going
Weird weird crawl but no problem on the upside the makeup department on this movie is on fire
Making dots on Amidala's face
Jeff fell asleep during force awakens. Yeah, I think I mentioned here
I I did fall asleep and then I had a dream where I felt watched it in my dream and I fell asleep on my dream
So you still haven't seen it at one point at one point. We're watching phantom menace
At one point we're watching phantom menace and dan puts his hands
He puts his face in his hands going. Oh my god. It's the worst movie ever made
I I I I could tell you the frame. Yeah, I know I know and I'm like god damn it. Don't ruin this for me
I'm holding on
You know and rock because rock because I I went because we had an agreement. He was like, let's not prejudge
I'm like, I'm not fucking here to prejudge. No, no, you realize they were made for children, right? Yeah, I don't
All right, why you haven't gone to force awakens, which is like the most
Stupendous filmic palette cleanser of that entire franchise. I could fix everything. Oh, so this one's for grown-ups. Yes
All right, well, I'll give it a look see everything that you wanted to have happen in that universe
It's out on blu-ray. Everything is great. Yeah, and then also
Like I feel like there's another part of you like we're all we're all this person like I cut
Six grade to see empire strikes back like I didn't go to school that day or the next day
That's how much that franchise affected me. So even the shitty ones
I feel like they're like the last three fries in the bottom of the pack. You just fucking eat them anyway
They're not good black and they taste like feet, but you do it
Because you love fucking
Yeah, you're a shitty fan Dan
I'm so in love right now. I know
Have you have you seen the new trailer for the for the new one that's coming out?
And I what I mean like
The trailer is pretty cool. The trailer is pretty cool, right?
Yeah
And I watched and I went god damn it. Well, what else am I gonna do with the rest of my life?
I gotta see this one. What are you gonna do with the rest of your money because I'm giving
All things in the world. What do you do with the rest of tonight? I think you guys understand that me not bothering to click
On force awakens has nothing to do with me deciding that it's good or bad or anything
And we need you to be one of us. No, it's it's it's one of us
It's the liberation of agnosticism after a lifetime of being battered around this fucking liberation
Gnosticism
It's the liberation. I'm on your I got Dan side
I'm just kind of like like I I will watch that movie the day it crawls into bed with me and goes
It's time to watch it because that's what star wars did
Because I was three and I couldn't go anywhere. That'll help delay with your book
What if matt daemon crawls into bed with you with the force wiggins over to my house?
I just like like like look come on. You can't tell me come on force awakens not for grown-ups
It's it's for grown-ups with kids. You know what? You know how it's for grown-ups. It's for grown-ups the way
Okay, remember the first star trek movie the reboot with chris pine that one was for kids
It was like a stupid fucking sequence where he goes through like a zoo except the water pipe black black black black
And like it's like wow wow and then the second one you don't remember that the first star trek the first star
I love the star trek. No, remember the fucking sequence where they get stuck in the like the little like pipe little water system
They're like in the sewage and they're floating through the remember you didn't like that literally like a sound of like a
Like you don't remember that no, I don't remember that and then the second one
The star trek into the darkness or whatever that one was called. That was for grown-ups
That was the one that was for grown-ups. Oh ironically
I didn't watch that one because I was waiting for the world to react to the way they did the first one
I really like the first one because it was so such a clever way of rebooting
I can't just enjoy them die inside come back. Here's a movie go watch Diary of a teenage girl. It's really good
I'm a grown-up now. Oh, no, you're I watch movies about teenage girls having sex with their parents
Do you guys know what I did spoiler alerts?
Last night. We're all friends. I I just that movie is two black guys away from being a classic
I just know I did something last night that I think I might be the only person to have done
I did acid and watched Easter Parade with Judy Garland and Fred Astaire. I
Want you to know it was for real and it was fucking swinging man. I want you to know Jeff
That is that was super heterosexual. Oh, no, then oh so then I said now the movie's over
It's one it's one a.m. I'm still on acid and the lamp is like, hey
Look at my lamp is like moving and walking around the room. I'm like, you know, I've never done. I'm tired, but I'm still high
Yeah, so I go to I get in bed and I get my iPad and I've never watched because you guys
I just met Roger water. You guys are huge Floyd fans. Yeah
And we never really talked about we I've heard you guys talk about it on your show. It's a pink Floyd guy
Thank you. Yes
Yes, and you just saw Gilmore playing you guys have both seen it thousands of times. Yes. Yes, you guys are big pink
Floyd friends
I have never done the dark side of the rainbow where you watch the sink. Oh, it's good
I I was watching that in my in my bed a little bit on acid still where you watch
Uh, was it a vase synced up to dark side and I was like
Freakin out
Freakin I also I would freak out if I wasn't on acid. That's crazy. Yeah, it's not it's fun
But how who is the first person that noticed that Eric Simmons?
Stand up Eric
Is he here tonight? Is he here tonight? Eric Simmons is here tonight
Eric Simmons is here
Eric Simmons first person to
watch
the, uh,
Wizard of Oz
But here he is Eric. How did they Eric come on stage?
It's dhs. Can we get Eric up on stage?
Eric Simmons
Eric Simmons, you did it Eric Simmons. How you doing Eric?
Oh Eric, how you doing? Look at all those snacks Eric
You got some smokers
Oh, look at all those treats Doritos
Some Fritos and a Coke Eric
Eric look at all those Doritos Eric
Eric you seem a little young to have been the first person to have ever watched
Eric is 76
How did you know to time it?
To hit play when the lion roars, especially without dvds or yeah, how did you get your fan, huh?
My dad's a big fan. Your dad's a big fan. Who's your dad? Eric Simmons. Mr. Simmons
Richard Simmons
Richard Simmons is here. Can we bring Richard Simmons up? Where's Richard Simmons, but he's revealed himself on home towns
It's it's your trauma. Eric. Did you just leave our show and go buy a bunch of snacks? What happened?
There's a you don't have to go far. Oh, you can buy friends riveted by Star Wars. Can I can I turn this into entertainment?
Please
Please do this
Eric thank you for joining us. Sorry. It was compulsory
Sorry, you got bullied for liking
No, I like him. I like Eric Simmons
Eric Eric are you? This is not Eric
It's it's definitely not Eric. It's your name. That's the name
Eric, are you a fan of the Star Wars franchise in any capacity? Yes, I appreciate it
So we've got a group of people up here. We all feel differently about different phases of the
operation
Uh, I think, you know, maybe it's a little trite of me or maybe in my little little heart. I just want
entertainment to happen on this podcast at some point
Eric, would you just tell us like in your mind what the perfect
Where the perfect Star Wars movie would be set in terms of timeline?
Tatooine
and then
And then just to explain to you then
I we're gonna do it. I'm gonna do the movie
So you want plot points?
And Ayesha is gonna be a new form of Jedi and it's not gonna be... That's what the kick started for, right?
So make Ayesha a Jedi
Apparently I'm gonna be in a porn with two black guys
You know what? Eric, the floor. I'm going to just stop this. It is right after the second prequel when General Grievous dies
Oh, gosh, dude, that was so inside. We have to go Google everything now
Which was matrix revolutions. What was that?
The second prequel is Dark Knight Emerges
Dark Knight Reloaded. Electric Boogaloo
You're saying the sequel to Phantom Menace, right?
If you want a serious answer, I really like what JJ's done with it now
Okay, you've seen Force Awakens and you like it. Yes, but look, I'm gonna ask a bigger question here, right?
I feel like it's cool now to hate everything and that's not new. It's been cool for like 10 or 15 years to hate everything
And so like just basic ingenuousness, right? Like I love this franchise. Yeah, that wasn't my favorite
That's not fair. That's not fair. What you're doing is not fair. And if you notice Eric's opening his snacks right now
That's not fair. You know that Dan wants chips. I don't know if it's unfair that you hate chips, but it's unfair that I'm saying that you get inside
Oh, chips!
I haven't seen Batman versus Superman. I loved Batman versus Superman
And I feel like everybody hated Batman versus Superman because they just wanted to hate Batman
You just pulled the I just like like Eric Simmons everybody. Oh, he's not leaving. He's just giving me chips
All right. No Eric. Who's your who's your favorite? Who's your favorite star?
He has not blinked
This is a mess
I love it
Eric Simmons
Eric Simmons, I'm calling you out
Oh, is he using he's using the force calling you out Eric Simmons Eric knowing can hear that but you
Eric
I'm kind of worried about your physical safety Eric Simmons Eric. No one can hear that but you Eric Simmons
Your cool ranch Jedi powers
Will not save you now
Eric Simmons, what are you doing later?
Probably getting drunk and watching Daredevil
That's a good show. That's the number one answer
It is a confusing time for the narrative
Eric Simmons has been summoned to the stage only to find out that he himself
Is within and weaving the narrative of the new Star Wars movie
Meanwhile princess Aisha has been honing her craft as a Jedi on the swampy ice planet of water sun
With with fleet fleet flop the Jedi master
One of 700 needless wipes
Does anybody not find it difficult that like the one thing the one issue with the entire Star Wars construct the the whole like
The whole UI
Sometimes shit is alien and sometimes it's not
Like it would seem even Aisha herself is unaware that the new movie is happening around her
People just run out of ideas like your name is bloop. Your name is clean plop. That's
And then you're Dan. Do you know what I'm saying? Like that's not
discouraged by her abilities as a padwan flip-flop calls the Jedi council
powers but via crystal holograms
I'm gonna look that up
No one returned
Planned by clinical depression flip-flop proceeds to palm springs
to work on his book
At risk of depression meanwhile, the empire is up to something
And also
And lord scrotum what news from the fuckface
According to data analysis, there is a
Your data analysis grows weary on me
My lord, I'm only doing my best analysis of the data your best is worst
In the eyes of the Jedi
My lord, please your lord is well, it's me. It's our go ahead. Keep going. Sorry. I got you. I got to a cycle
Of refuting everything. That's okay. You're it's all right. It's it's Monday
I'm just saying that the data is saying that Eric Simmons is on planet after
As he should be
All will be revealed according to plan
Ah, shall I activate the set piece?
Send the new toy to the new environment
We will do the 14th of 700 wipes
You've been conditioned to think this was impossible so it's amazing
Meanwhile it has nothing to do with the story
It wouldn't matter if this didn't happen
Meanwhile, I'm tangled in your tauntaun mean
Meanwhile in air city
The one black guy in the entire galaxy is just kicking it with a 40 ounce or of cold 45
I believe you're speaking about me
Handsome lazy love
Here's your cold 45 Billy D
I don't know what that is. I live a long time ago
In a galaxy far far away
Come see my city
You're crushing all of our childhood dreams right now
If you guys have played ball
I'm smearing them into dog poop. Look, excuse me, Lando
Lobot, yes. Hello everyone. Uh Lando
I'm getting strange. I'm sorry. Hold on one second. I just uh, okay. Sure. The legal department needs us. Yes
S x g 3 1 2. No, he's lobot. Look for it in Toys R Us
Lobot get the low not
He's lobot. Yeah, you guys
Some lights, but he's lobot. All right. I'm a lobot. All right. He's lobot. He's lobot. I'm a lobot. All right
He's lobot. He doesn't know he's lobot, but he's lobot. I'm lobot dad
I'm just thirsty. I'll get you some drinks. Wow. Yeah, pretty cool. Wow. That should be explored for 20 minutes. Yes
Didn't you have an idea for a y
Slash z wing non fighter. Yes, we should augment that
Into something new
Oh, it might result in an x or y wing actual fighter
That's how it happens. Here's your movie in five days. I don't think lando
I don't think lando made those ships finishing my movie tonight guys. Put it on wax. All right. I've touched the nerve
Now
I'll do that. Are there are there any uh, Latino characters in the new movie in the new one or any
So many
There are po dameron. Who isn't po dameron like south american or something?
No, I think he's from like south america, right?
Is from miami latino is he?
Oh
Guatemalan, isn't he?
Your authoritative. This is very seductive. He's possibly gay. He's cuban. He's possibly gay. I have a pillow with po dameron's face on
Oh
I wake up to every morning. Thank you. I should I dropped a
Po dameron before I came on stage
My friends when I was in high school had a theory that shubhaka was the only latino in uh, and uh
Because his name is chewy, which is a nickname for Jesus
And he's brown
And he's a mechanic eric simons
Eric simons
Eric simons, do you care to comment?
No
Because that is good for you. What I like about eric is that eric? I feel like eric is like I really could be at home
Watching daredevil now
No, no, I regret all of my life choices that resulted in this moment
I might regret getting up and using the bathroom at the very moment
Yeah, but you got right you could be in the back. No, I made you had to give away half your doritos, bro
Do you want the cool ranch taco bell Dorito? I have not had said Doritos Locos taco. That's pretty good
Real quick real quick it is a difficult challenge time for everyone that's talking taco shell
Has the flavor of cool ranch
But it doesn't have the substance and texture of an actual dorito. So you bite into it. You're like this is a thin
Substitute for an actual cool ranch Dorito and I could have just bought all the fillings for a taco and stuck some real
Fucking Doritos into that
Dorito not just fired. All right. I'm gonna clean up this stage. I'm gonna send eric simons back to the scene with his ship
eric simons everybody
Thanks, eric
He fought like a lion
also
Jordy and fred welcome to these the special give-and-take episode doesn't make you want to listen. I love this right now
eric simons is a fox
Looking good
Now Jordy man with half a bag of doritos in his hand. I just noticed that you've been holding a mysterious box yourself the entire time
What are those your story your snowtroopers? No, these are not my snowtroopers. Okay, so now and it's not your turd
Okay, so I know you pooped in a box
Okay, so I'm a big fan of this movie called sergeant peppers a lonely heart club
Never heard of it. Never heard of it. It's with um the bg's and peter frampton and they sing beatle songs. It's fantastic
I don't think it's fantastic in the way they intended
But it's a wonderful film if you haven't seen it check it out
Anyways, I was searching on ebay for some memorabilia from this movie and I found um some shoes
That allegedly were george berns's shoes. No, okay now
No, they were like three thousand dollars or something like that. So I'm like I sure as hell can't I'm not gonna buy george berns shoes
For three thousand dollars unless I'm incredibly high and drunk at late at night, which hasn't happened in a while
um
So one day I tweeted about them then one day I found a box backstage that was sitting there for weeks
And I just was too afraid to open backstage when you guys on the road on the road. Yes. Yeah on the road
I found this box right now. I found it. I thought well someone brought it. Hey someone brought you a gift
I'm like, okay put it over with a pile of gifts because I'm just so loved by everybody
I get so many gifts. I just get so many gifts. Yes. Just so many with the other be actually called no in origin
But you know, and maybe it's you know, there's anthrax in here and whatever is heard
Maybe it's an aborted baby from some of those are the best who knows
Um, anyways, so I opened it up and lo and behold
I found of the white italian loafers. No
Those are those the ones that you wanted. These were the ones that I wanted
And I got so excited that I queued up sergeant peppers lonely hearts club in on tour bus on tour
We watched the whole thing watched a thousand times. I was trying to pause it
I'm like and I finally found a shot with him with him dancing with the with white shoes on but they weren't these shoes
So I was like, oh my god
So and they said butterfield and butterfield on them and everything so I called and I found out they were actually
George Burns's shoes from oh god, you devil to
Yes, even better. No, three the third one. So
Oh god, you devil. Yeah
Yeah, he's dancing. He's dancing in these shoes at a wedding reception as a devil
Because those look those look a little later like in terms of design than the sergeant peppers for me
Yes, yes, sir. Well italian loafers, uh, and I'm just that these are not a gift
These are just these were a gift for me. So no one can have these but I'm willing to let anyone try them on
Who's the size?
There's a size of Cinderella if someone can put these on
someone a size seven and a half
Eric Eric Simmons. Are you a seven and a half? Eric Simmons. No, I mean you could
That's not if I when a guy's feet in that small he starts to become hot. Yeah, but it's definitely not Jeff's because
I've heard things about Jeff Jeff Bryan Davis. You can't even put your hands in those shoes. You giant
He's a little George burn shoes, but he was well and out
It is a frustrating time for the legion of shoes certified
so
That's why he had the cigar because he had small feet
um
but
If anyone's willing to try these on
Seven and a half who's gonna come on up. We have a young
I can't wait. Can I do that on your show? Can I invite someone up? Oh, yeah
Invited Erica. I think you might have noticed this. It's a fucking free-for-all. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes
And uh, obviously this is in Cinderella. I'm not going to take you home and get weird
What is your name madam? Although seeing you maybe he might be everybody. This is really exciting actually
Hi, Stephanie. Someday my prince will come
Oh
Have you never seen them on a feet until I've never seen no one's one of them except for George. Yeah
This is no good for video or audio
Wow, what are you doing? Yeah, can you just do a handstand so everybody can see yes podcast get
A little higher, sweetie. Now Stephanie. Do you know who George Burns is even?
You don't know
Even better. She has no idea
He's one of he's one of the greatest comedians in in american comedy history. Uh, uh
He's testing you. She's testing you. Well, it's the best stuff is when it was him and uh
His wife Gracie who died before him and he always said that she was the funny one
Good night. Gracie. Say good night. Gracie. Good night. Exactly. Say good night to the folks. Good night to the folks. Yeah
Fantastic. So you do know him. You know that joke
All right, thank you Stephanie. You might not know this about George Burns, but he had a terrible fungal infection in both of his feet
And
Actually what ended is why he didn't want to wear him and he was the last person to wear those shoes
So he actually he actually died of foot herpes. It was just I guess that was a the only known case of foot herpes
The only fatal the only fatal which is the name of this drink made in italy
Made in italy
Sure after you touch George Burns. Yes
Exactly have a drink. Thank you Stephanie. All right
Yeah
now Jordy
Yes, Jeff what moot you you brought those just to show and tell was that just to show off?
Well, I just wanted them to be immortalized on on I've talked about these shoes for years
But I wanted them to be immortalized on mortalized arm and town. I'm so I'm a few years
That's cool. Are you a collector?
I am I wanted to get like a what do you call the box a shot shadow box or something that spins
Yeah, and but I mean would just take up too much room in my house. Well, you've got Kurt Cobain's jacket, too
No, I have his jeans. Oh, it's jeans. No, I have his jacket. You have his jacket. He has jacket
I was gonna say the worst possible thing I could say
So we get Billy Zane's pants. Oh, yeah
Also, if you listen to their podcast
Yeah, if you listen to if you listen to hour of goon
You will find out that these guys have an abiding obsession and love a deep love. I would say of Billy Zane
Oh, you guys really love that. Who the fuck doesn't love Billy Zane? No, are you in Billy Zane? Where is he?
Where isn't he? That's no, but where is he though Jordy and Fred?
Can you get us Billy Zane because your friends with Billy Zane? Yeah, we can get Billy Zane as long as I'm here with him
Yes, yeah, no, you're not coming without Billy Zane. Dan doesn't want him on the show
What you don't want Billy Zane on the show? Dan's anti Billy Zane
Dan is not interested in Billy Zane. Yes, he is. Yes, he is. I'm the most interested person in Billy Zane that has ever been
Second most. There was an article in salon about how much more interested I am in Billy Zane than Billy Zane
There's like a point counter point and he's like wait, what's my favorite ice cream? I'm like rocky road butch
And he's like did you say bitch or butch and I'm like
Oh, and he's like that's what I would have said and I'm like, yeah, because I'm zany
It's like I've been unseemed and I'm like, yeah, I think he's doing fine. Is he okay? I think he's doing fine
You should get on a snapchat. Yeah
I'm like worried about Billy Zane like you see people and you're excited about them and then you just want to know what they're doing
He's got TV show. He was on community. No, he's on that great show. He's on the show on Netflix
He's on the show where all the guys go down and they die in Mexico
Oh, yeah
Hello. Yeah
Wasn't there it was a challenging time for the people of
Amazon prime
People on the planet of amazon prime be joyless. You guys didn't get the cute other guy
Why did you do a star wars movie with you guys? We weren't with you the whole time? No, you weren't you were with me?
Dan, I think the problem was because we're all sitting in a straight line and it was no like we can't see each other
I think it was too much going on at once and everybody was so excited
Well, I don't want to fight about it. Jeff is validating you. The guy who invented the the pink Floyd thing was up here
So it was just there's a lot of people, you know
Well, okay, that's how you guys feel
Do you guys do you guys would you guys ask dan and aisha?
The brunch question. Oh, oh, okay. Okay. Oh, should I start?
Then I'll lead and then it is a difficult time for the brunch question. Okay
Now we can we can dad leave it leave it. So, uh, you know, I'm at home, right?
And this guy likes to eat brunch all the time. He never eats at home for some reason the fred over here. It's delicious
Never eats at home. This is drink. I know I'm listening
I'm telling you fucking brunch and me and you there you go. Really? Oh dude. You may be a delicious drink by the way
I feel very strongly about brunch
Thank you. Good. And I would like you involved with this very so he invites me to brunch and I can't get over this
At this this predicament that's in my head constantly. So he invites me to brunch and I sit down and we wait
We have small talk and then I'm panicking
I start sweating because a waitress is coming over to ask what we want to drink, right?
And I want them to ask him first, but for some reason they always ask me first. Maybe it's a long it's the hair
It's the hair. That's what I was saying
Authoritative hair. Yeah, I'm the you know what I'm talking about. Yeah. Yeah, it's the hair
and
Since it's brunch, which I think is a bullshit fucking word anyways
It's like I don't know why it's that breakfast or lunch they go. Well, what do you want to drink?
I'm I'm totally in confused. Do I get orange juice or do I get iced tea because it's going to dictate what I have
If we're having breakfast or if we're having lunch
So you don't have an orange juice with so so he orders a nice tea, right? He orders the iced tea
So I'm thinking I'm in the clear for lunch
So I order I order a nice tea too and then I order the tuna melt and he throws his curveball and orders a breakfast burrito
So now I'm like
Right fucking right
That's like what the fuck?
And now
Now we're having breakfast and he's having lunch and I can't fucking do this
I feel terrible
I can't do it
Fuck kind of relationship business. I don't understand. It's all in my head though. He doesn't give a shit. I do
I
He has an issue with the fact that I get a fucking Arnold Palmer while I'm getting a
Breakfast burrito. That's why I fucking hate brunch make it breakfast make it lunch 11 o'clock sucks
But then he'll have orange juice at like three in the afternoon. What's that about?
Are you are you got if if if if if if you guys are looking for a person to tell you you're sane?
You've got the wrong guy, but if you if you want me to tell you it's okay that you're out of your fucking mind
I'm on your side, but that doesn't
What we're asking
Makes no sense to me and I'd like to think my
Fred Fred put did I not explain it out of you guys?
Be syncopated you get it you're pissed too, right?
You get weird when somebody orders breakfast at the same time you eat lunch. That's the whole thing
Take Dan to brunch like what's the worst case scenario? Can we explore the worst case scenario?
Absolutely, that's why we're trying to break it down as a virtual reality scene. Okay, so who's who?
I could be the waiter. I could be Geordie. I could be Fred. I guess you'll be the waiter. I'll be me
Or we can I could be the waiter
I'm going to do the corollary. I'm just gonna hold and do the corollary. So I'm just standing by
For post script. I won't do I won't do a ton of blocking. I'm just standing up to like getting this out. Wait. Is aisha
I'm doing the post credits coda. Okay standing. I'm just standing down
Oh, good to know because obviously nobody fucking understands brunch at all
On this stage
I have I have brunch
I listen to your show and I I'm I see only podcast I yell
I'm in my car and I'm yelling at my car stereo going like look who gives a shit or or
Too bad, I'm totally on Geordie's side on certain things. I'm totally on Fred's side
Dude brunch is MMA. All fight styles are invited
If you want to drink orange juice, it's okay. If you want, I see it's okay
If you want to get fucked up at nine in the morning
That's true
That is why brunch was invented. You're sober. You've had 17 coffees
I'm about to fucking masturbate at the table because I'm wasted
Hey, wait, what wait, what was the end?
Okay, okay. I love you. Aisha voice of the people
Plus a little five percent nugget there. That's
What was that brunch is whatever you want it to be. Yeah, I heard that part. I heard that part
We are just what that is. Yeah, but what about sharing a meal with someone?
No, you and I are at the same table. That's all the sharing that you get from me
But there's the eggs and tuna on the same thing doesn't match. I had pancakes and a bottle of vodka
And a piece of pie because you were drunk you ordered breakfast at the long time
USA
What I have
I'd like to apologize to Fred and Jordy. It's not normally like this you guys
I mean, well, I'm happy right now. No, actually
I I take I take that back. It's always like this right like if you're like a straight missionary style position
And then in the middle someone slips a finger into your bum
You just go look that wasn't what I was expecting
But hey, you know, that's how you get down
I'll drink my iced tea and you have your tuna melt and everything's gonna be okay. So yeah, if you have an iced tea, I can have a tuna melt
Yes, exactly. Okay matches with the tuna melt, but not your juice
In the in the interest of orange juice and tuna melts definitely do not
Hey, Aisha, Aisha, do you want to get brunch after the show?
These guys are saying, you know, I do
Let's just do the maybe I'm okay. Let's let's just do the virtual scene. I'll be the way
We're brunch. I just want to because I you know, you don't know like these guys may have a so okay
Are we sitting at the table? Dan? You should be at the table. Yeah, Dan. Be at the table. Can I be I'll be the waiter
I'll be a new one. I'll be the waiter be a neutral waiter sketches race. I
I question Aisha Tyler's ability to be an impartial waiter
I'll be the way our server. I'm gonna be the waiter. Where are we having brunch you guys?
Where are we having brunch 101 101 cafe?
All right. I guess this is for the optics waffle will be waiting in line for 17 hours. So
Let's try 101 cafe where I so who am I am I am you're Dan Harmon?
You're Dan Harmon. You're Dan Harmon. So do you want to be Eric Simmons?
No, no, but don't threaten me. Are you a waiter?
Can I make a pitch after this make sure it's authentic? Here's what I think any guidance you have
Can I was I was a waiter in college? Let me come show all this
I want like let's say that Dan, Jordy, Fred
Dan, Jordy and Fred like let's say you invited Harmon to go do hour of goon
And you guys said let's get brunch before or after or whatever that you guys meet for brunch
This is a three of you as as much as you know each other right now. You've met for brunch
And let's take it's a it is 11 o'clock. It's exactly 11. Yeah 11
So we're in a booth together at our restaurant. Yes. Yes. Is it like an Italian place? That's it. It's like a diner
Okay, what am I gonna say? That's it. Hey, Lobot. Yeah, Lobot. Lobot's dead. Lobot's dead?
No, Lobot's dead. Lobot's dead. Yeah, we're not going. We're not going to the griddle or the waffle or any place where you have to stand in line
Just real quick. You just have a big poker face, right? You're enjoying yourself, right? Okay, great. Okay
I I always play to the I'm the same way like I just like you're in my line of sight and I'm like this guy fucking hates me
He's all right. That's fine. He looks like he looks like Jason Zedekis, but like tough guy mode
Well, that's not no, I didn't I didn't want that to happen. We're not going to start talking about you
It's like hey nice shirt. Would Stevie Wonder have a yard sale? Oh shit
All right, kind of a potsy with a beard. Okay. Okay. All right. All right. Are we have we have we just come into the 101 cafe?
I want you guys to play this straight. This is a real brunch scenario. Grounded long form improv
The 101 cafe? Yes. All right. We're at the 101 cafe on Franklin. We now take you to an actual brunch between
Fred Sablon, Jordy White, Dan Harmon
with
neutral
Empowered black waitress
101 cafe 11 11 a.m on the dot. Okay. What day is it? It is uh, what you what thursday thursday thursday thursday thursday
We're at the 101 cafe on Franklin. Thank you guys for hey guys sit anywhere. I'll be right with you
Thanks for
We're really excited. Hey guys, there's some waiters. I'll be right back. I have to pee
Take a look at the menus. I'll be back in a minute. I'm really busy Dan. Thanks for uh coming on the show
I hope you want to
No, it was great. Thank you. I just got my period. I'm not coming to your table
What are you guys gonna eat? Aisha, you're killing the brunch experiment. Have you guys eaten? I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry
This place is too wet to ever take your order. I can't come to you. The service is usually good here. Can we get some water?
I'm building a diorama in my home. Miss Taylor. Miss Taylor come into the kitchen right now. I want to talk to you. I'm making my own kombucha
I can't serve you
The other day my husband went down on me and it confused me. I can't serve you
I'm black or cisgender. I'll be right back
We we cut to a month later when she's fired and the people are having brunch. I would love to take your order. How are you doing today?
Oh, we're doing good. How are you? Welcome to brunch at the 101 cafe
I've worked through some personal issues and um, I'm prepared to serve you so
But not serve you like a servant. Just serve you in an egalitarian. We're on an equal level
Uh, we never I'm going to graduate school. What would you like? We'll tip well. Okay. Go ahead and order quickly
I've got to just let the brunch starters. I'm gonna go for uh, I'll have a water and a bloody Mary
A water and a bloody Mary great
It's always important to order an alcoholic beverage and a bit of hydration at the same time. Good choice. What would you like?
Um, what are you gonna get to drink? Don't let him validate your choices make make your own choices
Brunch is your own. Whatever you want. You're hyzen you're hyzenberging this principle right now. Whatever you want is okay
I believe I'm gonna go with the arnold palmer. Nicely played a robber palmer. Is it robber palmer?
Well, that's one arnold drumming. That's one where I have on red lipstick and I dance poorly to shitty music
But I'll bring you an alder and palmer
Do you guys have a full bar?
Unfortunately, no, but I can get you some really shitty mimosa's in a pitcher. Oh, it's beer and wine champagne
Uh, we've got champagne
Uh, one wine cooler this guy's got a bloody Mary and my yeah, I got a bloody Mary. Oh, yeah, we have bloody Mary's too. Yeah, okay
So you have a pitcher of bloody Mary's pitcher mimosa's
Pitcher of kombucha that I made in my car
But I can't get a cocktail
Where do you think you are? Was that kombucha run across your body into? Yes, right through in my vagina and into
Yes, I'll take a
Uh, uh mimosa. All right a mimosa. Mimosa. Yeah, clearly. You've never had a mimosa. Well, I was
You're allowed you're allowed to get vodka hit this guy over here. Okay. No, I'm a guy
I'm a guy over here in the mood. So in my brain nobody in a guy at the next table is criticizing us the whole time
He's having a bloody Mary. I eat your stand down
I have seen study in 45 minutes. Can we do this?
So can I give you what's going on in my brain right now? Yes. Um, you've gotten your drinks. You have your drinks
Here we go. Okay. Now. What would you like? Well Dan ordered a mimosa. So there's orange juice in that. So maybe this is breakfast
Here's your here's. I'm thinking this. I'm thinking this. Are you happy with my brain right now?
So I think you got orange juice bloody Mary is breakfast
That's so why don't I bring you the orange juice? I think we're having breakfast
Oh, no, thank you. Sure. Do you like would you like some orange juice? I feel like the star wars characters at the other
Table are talking about us
You can have anything you want
Okay, so bring me an orange. It's a difficult time for the premise of the brunch conversation all in the same glass
You want the arnold palmer with the orange juice in the same glass? Yes, I don't think you're gonna like that
I'll bring you an arnold palmer and an orange juice and if you'd like to make an oj
Iisha we're trying to do a sociological study of the brunch conversation
Hey, I'm standing by there's star wars guys at the other table that you guys are missing is if he wants an orange juice
And a bloody Mary and an arnold palmer and a beer and a punch in the nuts
He can have all of those things because it's brunch. That's the nature of brunch. All things are possible
I just figure this out
That's what I'm saying. I should nail it all order pancakes and french fries and burger
But more dessert. This is why I'm in the back making kombucha. Are you away just right now?
Are we are we gonna take our orders? Honestly, where is this girl? Like what is this? Go Fred. What do you want?
I'm gonna have the breakfast burrito. Oh delicious. That's breakfast and lunch at the same time. What would you like?
That's what you know what? I just got the solution. Okay
I'll chicken and waffles
That's it sir. There we go. A winning choice. I'll have chicken and waffles. I believe in you deeply
I just figured it out right now. I got it. Sir, what would you like for breakfast? I'd like a 12 year old's private
But...
I like 12 year olds
Back to the tape
I've actually said I figured it out. I'm sorry. An english muffin
So I've been thinking as brunch is prison, so it's actually brunch is freedom brunch is freedom my friends
Brunch is the only free meal of the week. It's the only meal within you can fully express
I never thought without judgment or recrimination. I the world is yours. Hey, I never thought I would say twiz. I'm
World is mine. Wait. He says twiz. Um, you don't remember twiz. Um, the world
Thank God
But but but I never like
Brunch brunch as the meal that where you're free insinuates that the other meals you have you're constrained
What I don't understand why people thought I love brunch so much. Why I don't really rules my so do we has everyone been eating so do we
constrained me
Yes, well here's what's that way everyone hates me. Yeah, right from listening to the hour of getting an egg McMuffin at noon
When you when someone's trying to do breakfast all day dinner the implication is I'm breaking the rules, right? Yes
You're right. Oh god. I had pancakes dinner. I'm out of control. I eat zero for dinner
I'm alone and nobody loves me, but I think I think from this from listening to their show anything at brunch
You can eat anything. I'm listening to from listening to Fred and Jordy show. I think what you find out is that
Jordy you have a little bit more social anxiety about like am I am I stepping on somebody's toes? Am I doing this wrong, right?
Really, I thought I'm gonna let you decide it. This is going to be either breakfast or lunch
Jeff is like I'm gonna put this back on the rails
No, I just
Honestly, and I am going to dignify this evening
Honestly, actually the thing that I wanted to talk about just to kind of switch gears like this whole show's been about
self yes
To a fault is that not the essence of when I told people that I was coming on the Harmontown
There were a couple girls that actually said oh Jeff Davis. Oh, he's great, but one specifically said, you know, he's hung like a horse
Jeff Bryan Davis, that's true. That's really true. Yeah, and and the girl actually said she goes he was so big
barely could fit and
Said that she could do cheated pull-ups by the pool
using your dick
That's what she told me
And so I was telling you right
I would see you in your suits and I and I realized that you
That you weren't pretty tight suits. I feel like that's what I wanted to talk about Dan
Is this been talked about on the show?
No, no, Jeff's a huge dick. Yes
No, it hasn't been talked about as such
I could go on to argue that every fucking episode
One way or another keeps coming back around to it
Since we're all doing one of the fuck we want tonight. I mean, I got but I
Feel like I would remember somebody somebody doing pull-ups in a pool
This is what was being told to me. So I just wanted to bring it up and it does it
It's not ringing a bell right now. Okay? Well, we know who we're talking about
Yeah, I think you I showed you a picture and I said this is the one I listened to your last podcast
And you're like, I hope Jeff doesn't hear this so you could bring it up. I didn't think you would listen
I'm a fan of your goddamn show
Stop trying to turn this into something respectable
I love your show and just stop it. Just when I heard it that level I was like, wow
Oh shit, you guys know this
No, you're adorable. Huh?
No, this is no
You guys are you uncomfortable? They're gonna be like zombies coming after you after this is over the problem
The problem is my dick is it's quite long, but it's shaped exactly like a treble cliff
So
Sex is almost impossible
But it's nice because it's always a math problem. How is this gonna work?
Everybody turns into a blind person using braille. Okay, it's always in the key of D. Carry the one
I
My shame to admit I don't understand the D key of D. Right. No. Yeah, that I get
I thought it was like is is key of D like a Motown
The opposite of races I allow for the possibility of Motown people we don't even know
I'm constantly anticipating their existence. And now the opposite of races. Well, there might be a lady named T of D
Order order in the court order
May I may I ask to deflect off of this shit?
Can I can I bring up when I did please stop talking about my penis?
I feel super uncomfortable when I did our of talking about my big dick when I did our of goon
We were just we just did all name-droppy stories and shit like that
But you Jordy had a story about going to the playboy mansion. Can you can you say that story?
The yeah, yeah, you like that story fucking. It's it's the greatest rock story. I've ever heard I think okay
Well, I want to hear the story. It's really not that now you got built it up
It's really all before it could there be a fight between two characters in it. Well, he's a swords
I had just talked about Dan and one of them used to be on girls
I had just talked about the story of Dan and Rob getting high with Adam Corolla and meeting
Hasselhoff and that weird conversation
And so that was my like my offering of my playboy mansion story and then Jordy goes I because I went there once I think and
Just lay that on this because it's it's not a long story. It's just a fucking goodie
Okay, I'm a terrible storyteller, but I'll see if I can figure it out years ago when I used to do a lot of bad things
Dave Navarro and I
Sorry, he's on my podcast next week. Yeah, and he's told the story is actually in his book
So it's not like I'm revealing anything. No, it's he's a normal human being and people like you
Prevent him from being part of stories like this
Yes, our story is anyway, he's amazing and he's on my podcast and back to you
Anyways, we got a limo. We're gonna go to a playboy mansion my first time there
He was probably there a million times who knows but I was excited. Oh, we're gonna play with mansion
We did some narcotics and we were drunk and very
Very nervous because of the narcotics narcotics we were taking we get a limo when we hit traffic
And like we just want to get the fuck out of the car and get it took us like three hours to get the playboy mansion
With traffic as food as we got there was like stop start stop start stop start what mansion has herpes, okay?
I know yes, it does the shoes. Yeah, this is herpes. Yeah, and it was crawling out of our skin to get finally get to this place
As soon as we get to the playboy mansion, we get up there boom, you know walk in we're all excited
There's girls everywhere. We go we make just make a beeline to the bathroom right to the bathroom and
Oh, yeah, go make a beeline to the bathroom at the time. I had long dreadlocks
He he ties off his arm with one of my dreadlocks and does for some reasons because there was
Yeah, figure out why
Figure out why it's like in the restaurant. So you're like sir if you're going to come in here
For some reason he grabs my dreadlock and ties off one of his arms. I'm like, what are you doing? Oh, you're doing?
Oh, okay, cool. Yeah, he boots up using your dreadlock as a tie
He is my tie what kind of heroin addict doesn't bring their own thing like they at least a shoe
Well when you're friends with me, I mean come on you got I got him coming out of my head. It's ready made
Yes, yes, yes, anyway pivoting just pivot pivot and that that's all it's about
I proceed to put some unknown substance up my nose, you know baking soda
baking soda that way pixie pixie stick gravy and then
We are immediately filled with more panic, you know, so we go we just look at each other go
We got to get the fuck out of here immediately
So we left the thing got right back in the limo waited for another two hours going down the hill down the home
Got back in and went home. That was it
That was it what did you leave out? Oh
You're talking about the girl who lost her purse and shit in the toilet that
And he also said you guys sprayed the ceiling. Oh, yes
He went everywhere because I kind of didn't want to I mean the story's common knowledge it's good, but I don't want your dreadlocks
And boop and then not talk about I was thinking about how he sprayed the blood on the training and all that other stuff
Jordy Jordy, I always say this to to the young to the young heroin addicts out there when you use your friends dreadlock to tie off at the
Playboy mansion
Untie before you take the needle out. Otherwise the blood's gonna go over the fucking well
Yeah, cuz I actually wanted to stay he dragged me out because I was still stuck to his arm
So you can understand the struggles of brunch at this hug's not drugs
Exactly you you have like PTSD
Well guys both
Say no comment if I thought but you guys are rock and roller. So you have you both done heroin?
Never
That's not ironic. You've never done. I've never done. So you've I've done everything at one point
Yeah, I mean I'm in a heroin
But everything at one point. Yeah, I mean everything. I'm not nothing that never heroin
I mean come on. This is a good question actually first of all, let me just say as a disclaimer because I have a daytime show
Don't do drugs. Um, I don't do drugs during the daytime. You'll go to sleep
You won't watch your show ruins your night
But I do feel like it's interesting because for me when I was growing up and I did stuff
Because that's what you do when you're a teenager and a young adult that heroin was the line for me
And and it was interesting. I was afraid of it
I'd friends it did it and I'd friends it that shot up and I remember thinking like oh everything else
I can kind of like play with but that's the thing I could never
Exactly needles
There's no needles yeah, no needles that was like the thing that you thought that you thought like if you watch like I don't know
Cristiana for any of the movies about hair. Oh, yeah, I'm just very fancy that
Like there were a few of those movies that you felt like that if I try that I'm like I'm I'm all in right like
I won't pull back. So is that why you didn't try it?
That's exactly it. I just always thought that was a line that I didn't want to be a part of and you guys knew each other the whole time
It's you you the I didn't know him snored a heroin
Not that night that night. We were doing that. I want to talk about this now because it's a fascinating leg
We got you know, I mean I've tried it, but that was the end of it. It's like try that. Oh, that's a lot of fun
Don't do heroin. That's a lot of fun. Maybe I shouldn't do that. I might
And then Dan don't do heroin. I'm sober. I don't I don't do drugs or
In life at this moment, I'm sober also, but
I'm sorry, but a valuable line of questioning like so so can we talk like you see you and Dave is also clean as well right now
Yes, yes, how did you encounter heroin and you you you snorted it you never you never I never shot it up. No
I don't talk. Can you talk?
I'm curious because I'm 43 and I was like always like I'm never gonna
Well one time it was like it was I thought it was cocaine and it was like a pulp
It was an accident. That's how I did meth. Yeah. Oh, yeah, that's who yeah, I thought it was cook
I thought it was somebody was like here's a key load of it. I was like it's so shiny
another time oh boy another time somebody
Another time someone handed me something goes hey try this out like what is it? I go it's not heroin as it goes
No, you'll like it. It's good. And then I went and did I came back to never do anything someone just know you'll like it
It's good. I won't eat a salad if someone's like no, you'll like it. It's good. It's not for me
It was it was it was not my thing. I was what I wanted to stay up and like not have a hard on and like be really in
Panic and not sleep forever. Thank your friends be really horny. Yeah, that was my thing
Yeah, not feel good and go to sleep. I want to feel more terrible than I already do. Yeah
Have your smoke track
I smoke I smoke crack
I smoke crack with a hurry Christian once, okay, I thought it was
No, no, no
I just I just
I just gave you guys a real hour of good wait what? Oh, we're audience guy. That's amazing
Do you meet a harry harry christian that wants to smoke crack
You think I'm kidding. I'm not
He was a little more harry not so much christian. You know what I mean a lot of harry Fred
Was it you that you told the story about going to wilt chamberlain's crib? I did I went to wilt chamberlain's house
He was already dead
So you murdered it will chamberlain's house. I also
Encyclopedia brown
He was already dead. Yeah, you're describing the open of a mystery
No, he's I did I went to will chamberlain's house. So he was dead
He was not alive at this point. This is yes. I did. Yes. That's murder. She wrote
Parties at his old house
People are throwing parties at will chamberlain's house after he had died
Okay, all right, okay, and like all this stuff with it's still there is his clothes
And he had an orgy room an absolute fact with a waterbed God
He was like a circular room with the mirrors and a waterbed in the center and some of them was too many two-way mirrors
Well, that was what and I did do drugs there, but what can't you know you're at the time?
You saw some something happening in the pool outside
Yeah, actually at the pool he had a you should get this kind of place
It had a swimming pool that you could enter from inside the house. You don't know that I don't have that that is true
Or from what we hear about him he should but he had a
Swing pool that you could get in and it had a you know a grotto and everything and there was a
The grotto is where the herpes is there was a girl
There were two girls that were kind of going at it and there was a third guy. There was a third person a guy who was
Going down on the girls and he was on his cell phone
In the phone going down on the girls at the same time
Was it old school phone? Was it iPhone? Oh, he has he can pour champagne on
If I got to the point where I was eating that much pussy, I would cast that wide a nut I'd be like hello wait
We'll tell you
That was a good party for some pancakes and a breakfast burrito
Is calling they're like hey J.J. Abrams wants you to eat a pussy
On the Batman set
Well, okay, but I was a pussy
I guess I guess I'm obsessed with this like the reason why I'm asking is because
We're older we've done everything that we want you have done something that you have done something that I've never done you've you've you've
Broach to breach this threshold where you it didn't involve needles which the rest of us go like oh needles
That's where I'll draw the line, but it's not true. It starts with
Heroin is like a thing you can snort. I I I the reason why I actually am interested in hearing you talk about us to know where to get it
No, that's no where to get it is is because we you know because like like we the legacy is like Nancy Reagan going
Everybody say no, but the thing is like you're like like we're hanging out like it would be valuable
Actually, if you go here's what the high is like here's what happens after that
Well, whatever like it doesn't have to be
I guess PSA I mean yeah, but if you're gonna go there like to for heroin or crack or whatever
That wasn't the first thing that you were doing something led to that. It was like, okay
I'm drunk now. I got to do this and I got to do that not take it to the next
So yeah, it's always yeah, so who knows the first time I did I think it was itchy and like I you know was constipated
And then I
So what is what I talked about this with Dave too, which was like the difference between someone who try look lots of people
Never ever try drugs or drink recreationally never have an issue, right?
Some people fall into that well and they have to dig their way back out and everybody who hasn't fallen into that well and
Worries about it wonders. What was the thing that made you fall all the way down?
And I guess the question I asked him was what like what was that feeling?
What was that thing and he said look I just think some people are predisposed to falling and some people are not and and and
Maybe the question also was like what was the appeal?
What was the moment? What was the thing that you thought?
Okay, I'm gonna go all the way in versus the rest of us and I think there are a lot of people like
Oh, I got high in high school or I smoked up every once in a while in the weekends
Or I have a medicinal marijuana card and I get a brownie every once in a while, but I'm not you know
Yeah, okay that guy right there loves dope
But you didn't go all the way in I think that's what's interesting you did go all the way in because they're sober now
No, no, no, he just stopped working, you know
Yeah, but mostly booze booze is the thing that took me down
I'd like the drugs are just so I could do drink more and
Yeah, I just hit a wall and said I can't do this anymore
And I thought it would be really difficult to not do that
You do a program thing or do you just do it on your own that that needs to know where your meeting is
Yeah, I could take you yeah well
By saying I'm not supposed to talk about it. You can figure it out by the name
But I mean I wouldn't trade all the years of partying for the world it was fantastic and a lot of fun
But it's also a lot of fun not doing that too
Do you find because I I felt like that asshole
I felt like that cousin or that aunt or that grandmother with Dave when we had this conversation where I was like
Almost asking the question of like tell me what not to do. Do you know what I mean like I'll do it all. Yeah, well
Yeah
I think drugs and alcohol are fantastic
They're fucking wonderful, but it's just it's now it's the time not at some point it worked and then it didn't work
Well, you get older and then if you feel shittier and then like it's just you know
You want to go out and do cool shit and it's just not I wasn't able to do that
That's the bummer right like in your 20s. You can just go all night and rally on 45 minutes
And then you turn 35 and you're like, oh should I have that second glass of red wine? Oh
Think I'm having a heart attack like that literally is the thing like all of a sudden you're like
Actually the reason why I cuz I had done the cocaine's in the past and and why those canes
No, but why I stopped was actually I thought I had tonight is really bad because it was making my ears ring terribly
And I and I honestly was like you I was doing so much coke that your ears were ringing. Yeah, you're rich
No, but I honestly that like that that was like I was like this is
Is your dealer a Christian a guy?
Oddly no
Mine really was cuz I got those bells, you know
but anyways, I mean, but but it was like
That there you go more than like anything else like I was like I can't even I'm like laying here
I'm feeling like I just want to do a fucking concert and it's like I can't deal so
See, let's do that. No more. I just have a hard enough time. So I just smoke a lot of weed without drugs
You know what I mean? I mean, it's like
About like what knowing like what that what this the essential knowledge of knowing that you're gonna die does to you
Right like it we were talking about this in the show
It does different things to different people for some people it does the thing where you think well
I'm just gonna burn this place to the ground. I don't care like I'm gonna wreck my body. I'm I'm gonna wreck my soul
I'm gonna go crazy. That's so much fun. Yeah, that's not like a good time
That sounds great. Some people you're friend. They're like, I'm vegan and I'm gonna
It's getting fucked up on reality, right? Yeah, you can't see me. I'm hiding and you're seeking me, right?
I mean like everybody kind of has this different response. I'm gonna get wasted. I'm gonna only drink green juice and sleep 10 hours a day
I'm going to
Jump out of planes. I mean like all of that is a response to mortality rain juice
You mean water? Green juice green juice. Like your friend, like your friend that's a vegan that always drinks their fucking green juice
Some people can't just do things normally like even like if and I if I don't put that stuff in my body anymore
I have a house full of Star Wars toys that I can start buying or I got like you know
It's like it's it's just artists that do this
Do you think it's just or not just artists but like a certain kind of artistic mentality or you like I've got to go crazy on something
At the booze music art obsessive compulsive behavior, you know, it's other things and he's got a channel in it into one
One area, you know like I feel that there's a need to say I got to exhaust everything that I get into
Yeah, because like we're all gonna die. I think that could be a good thing that I think you're gonna do it do it, right?
Yeah, the whole time we're talking I just look it over these two just like looking to the like yeah, right, okay?
listen
If there's kids listening and there are I don't let there be there always are I
Is that your demographic?
When the 80s we had an institutionalized policy which turned out to be very flawed where you just had this unilateral
Policy the the thing that we've never said is drugs exist people take them to feel good
You may have a different experience than anyone else has like
They are out there in the world and therefore it's up to you to know when you personally are
Right are being hurt by them or are being simply consumed by them because your best friend might have a hollow leg
So so true so true
No, but I totally agree or like the idea that like not there's this is not a like a
Validation of drug use I mean drugs are bad we even when they're good
They're still bad, but the idea is like know yourself and your and your sense of your place in the world and realize that like
No matter how many drugs you do you still have to be on this planet you still got to figure out who you are
you still got to live here and
The drugs are only gonna
Like push that away for a moment like they don't fix the the essential nature of being human
Which is shit is fucked up and you've got to be here and that shit is painful and find a way through it
That doesn't involve exterior, you know, right influences and honestly gotta live like that's a deal
It's good. Honestly, you're missing a lot a lot of brunch. Yeah, and go to brunch and the stakes have never been higher at those
Brunches. Exactly. Thank you. Damn guys. It is a time of
Oh my god
Kind of Jason to take this guy
Eric Simmons everybody Eric Simmons
What is it Jordy and Fred's podcast he ran away
Oh damn handlemen and the shiny pants and the weird lady vodka and booze
Rob Schaub everybody
From my absolute favorite new podcast our good Fred's the blonde Jordy white
I use your Tyler y'all
I'm Jeff Davis your mayor is getting home and thank you so much drive fast take chances
Did you get any of that it's a good a show